Created And Updated the reame.md file (#1)
upes-open/scientific-calculator: README.md

# scientific-calculator

**OVERVIEW:**</br>
Ever wondered of making you own calculator that will be based your understading of the first language the you learned that is C++ and basic concepts of OOP's programming.
So this repository focuses on making a calculator on C++ that will not enhance you C++ skills but also be based on object oriented and how these concepts can be modeled and replicated with 
real world. Tis will also make use of basic data stuctures to store the results.

**FEATURES:**</br>
- The user will be able to perform both basic and scientific calculations using this calculator. For example "+" Addistion "-" Subraction Multiplication "X" aswell as scientific calcution in trignometric operations.</br>
- The calculator has memory feature. In this feature at a time user will be able to store all the previous calculations and results performend and look into that later.</br>

**HOW IT WORKS:** </br>
 - The user will enter the input number for which He needs to perform calculation.

**SET UP:**</br>
1. Fork and clone the repository</br>

>      git clone https://github.com/keshav2410garg/scientific-calculator.git

Reviewer: change URL for upstream i.e. https://github.com/upes-open/scientific-calculator

# scientific-calculator
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Open Source Love svg2](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v2/open-source.svg?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)
</br>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />

**OVERVIEW:**</br>

> Ever wondered of making you own calculator that will be based your understading of the first language the you learned that is C++ and basic concepts of OOP's programming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ever wondered of making your own calculator that will be based on your understanding of the first language you learned that is C++ and basic concepts of OOP's programming.
```

> So this repository focuses on making a calculator on C++ that will not enhance you C++ skills but also be based on object oriented and how these concepts can be modeled and replicated with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So this repository focuses on making a calculator using C++ that will not only enhance your C++ skills but also be based on object-oriented and how these concepts can be modeled and replicated with 
```

> real world. Tis will also make use of basic data stuctures to store the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
real world. This will also make use of basic data structures to store the results.
```
